Niche topic centroid targeting blog (#485)
readthedocs/ethicalads.io: content/posts/2025-niche-targeting-updates.md

> Title: Contextual Topic Targeting with Embedding Centroids

Reviewer: If we want this to get engagement, I think a more marketingy title would help.

```suggestion
Title: What we learned improving our topic targeting with the latest in AI embeddings 
```

This is maybe a bit too far, but the current title sounds like a journal article or something.

Author: I reworked the title a bit.

Date: August 5, 2025
description: This post shows how we improved our contextual targeting to handle hundreds of developer-specific topic niches with embeddings, pgvector, and centroids.
tags: content-targeting, engineering, postgresql
authors: David Fischer
image: /images/posts/niche-targeting.png

Going back to our [original vision for EthicalAds]({filename}../pages/vision.md),
our goal has always been to show the best ad possible based on page context rather than users' private details.
By delivering the best possible ad on a given page,
this will result in great advertiser performance with high earnings for the sites
where the ads appear and without compromising privacy.

> However, our approach to best fulfill that vision has changed over time.

Author: I ended up removing this completely.

> Title: Mathing with Embeddings for Better AI Ad Targeting

Reviewer: I thought this was a typo for "matching". I think we need more context to make it read nicely. Maybe:

```suggestion
Title: Doing Math with Embeddings for Better AI Ad Targeting
```
